Once upon a time there was a man named Bobby. He was on his daily jog along the bike bath in Madison, WI in the middle of
beautiful sunny August. He was coming up on the most difficult part of his journey, Bobby was on mile three of his six 
mile run. In what seemed to be a blissful middle of nowhere kind of place, he stopped to admire the scenary. The brush of the
wind on the tall green grass that came up to the waist all around the pavement path, the singing of the birds around every
tree that seemed to span every few yards around him, Bobby was in awe. Suddenly, Bobby hears a scream.

He suddenly stops running, turning towards the source of the scream. Yet, no one was there. Confused,
he started jogging towards where the scream came from, however he could still not find who it was that
was screaming.

There! Another scream! This time, to his left! He dashed over towards the forest, determined to get
to the bottom of the issue. However, again, his search bore no fruit.

Then he heard footsteps.

He instantly turned towards where the footsteps are coming from, and froze. There was no saving him now.
The last thing that crossed his mind was his regret for not finding who it was that was screaming...

He fell down and closed his eyes. After few minutes, he woke up and looked around him. 
All he saw was bunch of trees. He stood up and started to walk to the city, thinking about what had just 
happened and if it was real. As he was walking, he heard another scream. He slowly walked toward the scream. 
It seemed to be coming from behind a very red tree. He looked behind the tree and was suprized by what he saw.

There is another him. Yes, there is another Bob! Bob was shocked, then he tried to get the attention of another Bob.
As he heading to another himself, a giant green python moving from the bush and ready to attack screaming Bob. 
Without any warning，screaming Bob already swallows by the giant python. Bob was terifed, then ran away with screaming.

Bobby started running away as fast as possible, all he could think about was getting back home. He ran and he ran and he ran.
After 15 minutes of sprinting, he had to stop, the adrenaline had worn off. At this moment, he realized it was too late,
the second Bobby had caught up to him and was about to attack. Bobby 2 was just three seconds away from getting to him.
Three, two, one! Darkness. Bobby woke up, it was all a nightmare.
